ReadMe.md, before:

cLEDSprites Instructions
========================
Will be added soon I hope, for now see examples provided.


cLEDMatrix Instructions
========================
Some info is provided below, will add more soon, see examples.


cLEDText Instructions
=====================


Overview
--------
The aim of this class is to provide a flexible way of displaying static or scrolling
text on LED displays using the FastLED library.
On each update it will fully render the visible window rather than shifting and
updating just the new data, this makes it a frame based system allowing text to
be overlaid on other patterns/effects.
There is currently a limit on the font width to 8 pixels but the height is not
limited.



Initialise
----------
In order to use the class you must have the following header files included in your program:-

	#include <FastLED.h>
	#include <LEDMatrix.h>
	#include <LEDText.h>

You will also need some font data, which due to its size, is generally better to be
placed in a header file. I have provided 2 font header files as a start. These are
FontMatrise.h and FontRobotron.h and will be covered further in the Functions bit.

You must then declare an instance of the cLEDMatrix class as this is used to modify
the LED data according to the matrix dimensions and layout. Personally I use defines
to make this clearer in the code, such as:-

	#define MATRIX_WIDTH   68
	#define MATRIX_HEIGHT  7
	#define MATRIX_TYPE    HORIZONTAL_ZIGZAG_MATRIX

	cLEDMatrix<MATRIX_WIDTH, MATRIX_HEIGHT, MATRIX_TYPE> leds;

There are four matrix types which are delcared at the top of the LEDMatrix header file.
Also if your wired matrix origin is not bottom left you can use negative width and/or height
values to shift the origin.
The LED array is allocated in the matrix class but the address of the array can be obtained by
using '[0]' after the matrix variable name and '.Size()' to obtain the number of LED's:-

	FastLED.addLeds<CHIPSET, LED_PIN, COLOR_ORDER>(leds[0], leds.Size());

Then finally you can declare the cLEDText class variable:-

	cLEDText ScrollingMsg;



Functions
=========

SetFont(uint8_t FontW, uint8_t FontH, uint8_t ChBase, uint8_t ChUpper, const uint8_t *FontData)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This function should be called as part of your setup routine and must be called at least once
for each instance of cTextScroller, but may be called at any time to change the font.	
I have provided 2 font header files to get you started as mentioned above.	
Example:-

	#include <FontMatrise.h>
	ScrollingMsg.SetFont(MATRISE_WIDTH, MATRISE_HEIGHT, MATRISE_CHAR_LOW, MATRISE_CHAR_HIGH, MatriseData);


Init(cLEDMatrixBase *Matrix, int16_t Width, int16_t Height, int16_t OriginX = 0, int16_t OriginY = 0)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This function should also be called as part of your setup routine and again must be called at
least once for each instance of cLEDText.	
'Matrix' parameter should be a pointer to your cLEDMatrix instance.	
'Width' and 'Height' are the dimensions of the area in which the text will be displayed.	
'OriginX' and 'OriginY' are the matrix coordinates of the bottom left corner of the area.	
NOTE: The dimensions and origin provided here are independent of the LED Matrix size, they can
be smaller to restrict text to a portion of the display or larger to allow control over where
the text stops when using Delay control codes. The default colour mode is bright white, RGB.	
Example:-

	ScrollingMsg.Init(&LEDMatrix, MESSAGE_WIDTH, MESSAGE_HEIGHT, MESSAGE_X, MESSAGE_Y);


SetBackgroundMode(uint16_t Options, uint8_t Dimming = 0x00);
------------------------------------------------------------
This function allows you to set the background mode and optionally if the mode is BACKGND_DIMMING,
the dimming amount (BACKGND_ERASE, BACKGND_LEAVE, BACKGND_DIMMING).


SetScrollDirection(uint16_t Options);
-------------------------------------
This function allows you to set the scrolling direction (SCROLL_LEFT, SCROLL_RIGHT, SCROLL_UP, SCROLL_DOWN)


SetTextDirection(uint16_t Options);
-----------------------------------
This function allows you to set the character direction (CHAR_UP, CHAR_DOWN, CHAR_LEFT, CHAR_RIGHT)


SetTextColrOptions(uint16_t Options, uint8_t ColA1 = 0xff, uint8_t ColA2 = 0xff, uint8_t ColA3 = 0xff, uint8_t ColB1 = 0xff, uint8_t ColB2 = 0xff, uint8_t ColB3 = 0xff);
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This function allows you to set the text mode and colour. You can use a combination of the defines for
flexible colour control (COLR_RGB, COLR_HSV, COLR_GRAD_CV, COLR_GRAD_AV, COLR_GRAD_CH, COLR_GRAD_AH).
If you are just setting single colour mode you only need to provide the first three unit8_t's.
There are two other colours modes (COLR_EMPTY, COLR_DIMMING). The EMPTY one will leave any '1' bits in
the font data untouched allowing the background to show through and the DIMMING one will dim those '1'
bits to ColA1 percent and as such is the only unit8_t that needs to be supplied when specifying the
DIMMING option.


SetText(unsigned char *Txt, uint16_t TxtSize)
---------------------------------------------
This function is called to set the unsigned 8 bit array that contains the text and control codes.	
The 'TxtSize' parameter is needed as zero values can occur in the array when using control codes.	
NOTE: If your text array is statically initialised, use the 'const' keyword in its delcaration
as the compiler will place this in the ROM area rather then RAM.	
Example:-

	const unsigned char TxtDemo[] = { "THIS IS A MESSAGE" };
	ScrollingMsg.SetText((unsigned char *)TxtDemo, sizeof(TxtDemo) - 1);


int UpdateText()
----------------
This function is called repeatedly to render the text data into the LED matrix. Each call
advances the frame by 1 pixel in the chosen scroll direction.	
If the frame has been rendered the return code will be '0'.	
If the end of the Text Array has been reached it will return '-1', at this point you will then
need to do another 'SetText' call to reset the text array followed by a call to 'UpdateText'
to render the frame.	
Example:-

	if (ScrollingMsg.UpdateText() == -1)
	{
		ScrollingMsg.SetText((unsigned char *)TxtDemo, sizeof(TxtDemo) - 1);
		ScrollingMsg.UpdateText();
	}



Text Array & Control Codes
==========================

The text array obviously contains the text you wish to see displayed but can also contain
control codes which will allow to change coours, character direction, scrolling direction,
frame rate, delays and background mode.	
The control codes you can use are defined in the TextScroller.h header file and all start
with "EFFECT_". If there are parameters for a control code they are in hexadecimal.

EFFECT_BACKGND_ERASE	
This will change the background mode so that all the '0' bits in the font data cause the
corresponding LED's within the initialised message area to be turned off.

EFFECT_BACKGND_LEAVE	
This will change the background mode so that all the '0' bits in the font data will leave
the corresponding LED's unmodified.

EFFECT_BACKGND_DIMMING "\xNN"	
This will change the background mode so that all the '0' bits in the font data will have
the corresponding LED's brightness scaled down by NN 256ths using FastLED's nscale8_video.

EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\xNN"	
This sets a rate for the frame animation in that if NN is 04, it will be every 5th call to
UpdateText() that the pixel position is moved. The default Init() value is 0 which means
every call will update the pixel position.

EFFECT_DELAY_FRAMES "\xHH\xLL"	
This will pause any frame animation for ((HH * 256) + LL) calls to UpdateText().

EFFECT_SCROLL_LEFT	
EFFECT_SCROLL_RIGHT		
EFFECT_SCROLL_UP	
EFFECT_SCROLL_DOWN	
This will cause the scroll direction to change. Currently on a change of scroll direction
any exisitng text will be scrolled off the message area before the new direction is
applied. 

EFFECT_CHAR_UP	
EFFECT_CHAR_DOWN	
EFFECT_CHAR_LEFT	
EFFECT_CHAR_RIGHT	
This changes the font rendering to be in the chosen direction.

EFFECT_RGB "\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV "\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Changes the solid colour of the text using either RGB or HSV method.

EFFECT_RGB_CV "\xRR\xGG\xBB\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV_CV "\xHH\xSS\xVV\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Sets a graduated colour range for the text over a single character height.
The first triple is the bottom and the second triple is the top.

EFFECT_RGB_AV "\xRR\xGG\xBB\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV_AV "\xHH\xSS\xVV\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Sets a graduated colour range for the text over the message area height.
The first triple is the bottom and the second triple is the top.

EFFECT_RGB_CH "\xRR\xGG\xBB\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV_CH "\xHH\xSS\xVV\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Sets a graduated colour range for the text over a single character width.
The first triple is the left side and the second triple is the right side.

EFFECT_RGB_AH "\xRR\xGG\xBB\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV_AH "\xHH\xSS\xVV\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Sets a graduated colour range for the text over the message area width.
The first triple is the left edge and the second triple is the right edge.

EFFECT_COLR_EMPTY	
Any '1' bits in the font data will leave the corresponding LED's unmodified.	
Tip - This is useless with EFFECT_BACKGND_LEAVE !

EFFECT_COLR_DIMMING "\xNN"	
Any '1' bits in the font data will have the corresponding LED's brightness
scaled down by NN 256ths using FastLED's nscale8_video.		
Tip - Useful only when you have data already in the LED array.


Example:-

	const unsigned char TxtDemo[] = { EFFECT_SCROLL_LEFT "            LEFT SCROLL "
                                  EFFECT_SCROLL_RIGHT "            LLORCS THGIR"
                                  EFFECT_SCROLL_DOWN "            SCROLL DOWN             SCROLL DOWN            "
                                  EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\x04" " SCROLL DOWN            "
                                  EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\x00" " "
                                  EFFECT_SCROLL_UP "             SCROLL UP               SCROLL UP             "
                                  EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\x04" "  SCROLL UP             "
                                  EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\x00" " "
                                  EFFECT_CHAR_UP EFFECT_SCROLL_LEFT "            UP"
                                  EFFECT_CHAR_RIGHT "  RIGHT"
                                  EFFECT_CHAR_DOWN "  DOWN"
                                  EFFECT_CHAR_LEFT "  LEFT"
                                  EFFECT_HSV_CV "\x00\xff\xff\x40\xff\xff" EFFECT_CHAR_UP "           HSV_CV 00-40"
                                  EFFECT_HSV_CH "\x00\xff\xff\x40\xff\xff" "    HSV_CH 00-40"
                                  EFFECT_HSV_AV "\x00\xff\xff\x40\xff\xff" "    HSV_AV 00-40"
                                  EFFECT_HSV_AH "\x00\xff\xff\xff\xff\xff" "    HSV_AH 00-FF"
                                  "           "
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x00\xff\xff" "R"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x20\xff\xff" "A"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x40\xff\xff" "I"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x60\xff\xff" "N"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\xe0\xff\xff" "B"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\xc0\xff\xff" "O"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\xa0\xff\xff" "W"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x80\xff\xff" "S "
                                  EFFECT_DELAY_FRAMES "\x00\x96"
                                  EFFECT_RGB "\xff\xff\xff" };


NOTES
=====
1) Make sure you know how many characters fit across your message area, this will be usefull when planning your display.	
2) If you want your display to start without any visible text, insert "display width" of spaces at the start of the array.	
3) If your display area is taller than a single character height any partially rendered character at the right hand side
   will be skipped and the rendering will continue with the next whole character on the left hand side a "line" below.
   This is mainly useful for a SCROLL_UP/DOWN display. If multiple lines are required for a SCROLL_LEFT display it is
   neccessary to use two instances of cLEDText placed one over the other with their own text arrays.	
4) If you want left-right readable text when using SCROLL_RIGHT reverse the characters in your text array.	
5) To just keep rendering static text, use SetText() and UpdateText() at the same time and ignore point 2).		
6) I may in the future change the way a SCROLL direction change waits until all the text is off the display. This will
   make the class more flexible but will need you to add blank spaces before SCROLL changes in existing projects.

Commit message:

Modifications required to run the library with RGBShades

ReadMe.md, after:

Original work by AaronLiddiment: https://github.com/AaronLiddiment/RGBLEDS

This branch is made to work with RGBShades using Teensy.

More info regarding RGBShades: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/macetech/rgb-led-shades

More info regarding Teensy: https://www.pjrc.com/


========================

cLEDSprites Instructions
========================
Will be added soon I hope, for now see examples provided.


cLEDMatrix Instructions
========================
Some info is provided below, will add more soon, see examples.


cLEDText Instructions
=====================


Overview
--------
The aim of this class is to provide a flexible way of displaying static or scrolling
text on LED displays using the FastLED library.
On each update it will fully render the visible window rather than shifting and
updating just the new data, this makes it a frame based system allowing text to
be overlaid on other patterns/effects.
There is currently a limit on the font width to 8 pixels but the height is not
limited.



Initialise
----------
In order to use the class you must have the following header files included in your program:-

	#include <FastLED.h>
	#include <LEDMatrix.h>
	#include <LEDText.h>

You will also need some font data, which due to its size, is generally better to be
placed in a header file. I have provided 2 font header files as a start. These are
FontMatrise.h and FontRobotron.h and will be covered further in the Functions bit.

You must then declare an instance of the cLEDMatrix class as this is used to modify
the LED data according to the matrix dimensions and layout. Personally I use defines
to make this clearer in the code, such as:-

	#define MATRIX_WIDTH   68
	#define MATRIX_HEIGHT  7
	#define MATRIX_TYPE    HORIZONTAL_ZIGZAG_MATRIX

	cLEDMatrix<MATRIX_WIDTH, MATRIX_HEIGHT, MATRIX_TYPE> leds;

There are four matrix types which are delcared at the top of the LEDMatrix header file.
Also if your wired matrix origin is not bottom left you can use negative width and/or height
values to shift the origin.
The LED array is allocated in the matrix class but the address of the array can be obtained by
using '[0]' after the matrix variable name and '.Size()' to obtain the number of LED's:-

	FastLED.addLeds<CHIPSET, LED_PIN, COLOR_ORDER>(leds[0], leds.Size());

Then finally you can declare the cLEDText class variable:-

	cLEDText ScrollingMsg;



Functions
=========

SetFont(uint8_t FontW, uint8_t FontH, uint8_t ChBase, uint8_t ChUpper, const uint8_t *FontData)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This function should be called as part of your setup routine and must be called at least once
for each instance of cTextScroller, but may be called at any time to change the font.	
I have provided 2 font header files to get you started as mentioned above.	
Example:-

	#include <FontMatrise.h>
	ScrollingMsg.SetFont(MATRISE_WIDTH, MATRISE_HEIGHT, MATRISE_CHAR_LOW, MATRISE_CHAR_HIGH, MatriseData);


Init(cLEDMatrixBase *Matrix, int16_t Width, int16_t Height, int16_t OriginX = 0, int16_t OriginY = 0)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This function should also be called as part of your setup routine and again must be called at
least once for each instance of cLEDText.	
'Matrix' parameter should be a pointer to your cLEDMatrix instance.	
'Width' and 'Height' are the dimensions of the area in which the text will be displayed.	
'OriginX' and 'OriginY' are the matrix coordinates of the bottom left corner of the area.	
NOTE: The dimensions and origin provided here are independent of the LED Matrix size, they can
be smaller to restrict text to a portion of the display or larger to allow control over where
the text stops when using Delay control codes. The default colour mode is bright white, RGB.	
Example:-

	ScrollingMsg.Init(&LEDMatrix, MESSAGE_WIDTH, MESSAGE_HEIGHT, MESSAGE_X, MESSAGE_Y);


SetBackgroundMode(uint16_t Options, uint8_t Dimming = 0x00);
------------------------------------------------------------
This function allows you to set the background mode and optionally if the mode is BACKGND_DIMMING,
the dimming amount (BACKGND_ERASE, BACKGND_LEAVE, BACKGND_DIMMING).


SetScrollDirection(uint16_t Options);
-------------------------------------
This function allows you to set the scrolling direction (SCROLL_LEFT, SCROLL_RIGHT, SCROLL_UP, SCROLL_DOWN)


SetTextDirection(uint16_t Options);
-----------------------------------
This function allows you to set the character direction (CHAR_UP, CHAR_DOWN, CHAR_LEFT, CHAR_RIGHT)


SetTextColrOptions(uint16_t Options, uint8_t ColA1 = 0xff, uint8_t ColA2 = 0xff, uint8_t ColA3 = 0xff, uint8_t ColB1 = 0xff, uint8_t ColB2 = 0xff, uint8_t ColB3 = 0xff);
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This function allows you to set the text mode and colour. You can use a combination of the defines for
flexible colour control (COLR_RGB, COLR_HSV, COLR_GRAD_CV, COLR_GRAD_AV, COLR_GRAD_CH, COLR_GRAD_AH).
If you are just setting single colour mode you only need to provide the first three unit8_t's.
There are two other colours modes (COLR_EMPTY, COLR_DIMMING). The EMPTY one will leave any '1' bits in
the font data untouched allowing the background to show through and the DIMMING one will dim those '1'
bits to ColA1 percent and as such is the only unit8_t that needs to be supplied when specifying the
DIMMING option.


SetText(unsigned char *Txt, uint16_t TxtSize)
---------------------------------------------
This function is called to set the unsigned 8 bit array that contains the text and control codes.	
The 'TxtSize' parameter is needed as zero values can occur in the array when using control codes.	
NOTE: If your text array is statically initialised, use the 'const' keyword in its delcaration
as the compiler will place this in the ROM area rather then RAM.	
Example:-

	const unsigned char TxtDemo[] = { "THIS IS A MESSAGE" };
	ScrollingMsg.SetText((unsigned char *)TxtDemo, sizeof(TxtDemo) - 1);


int UpdateText()
----------------
This function is called repeatedly to render the text data into the LED matrix. Each call
advances the frame by 1 pixel in the chosen scroll direction.	
If the frame has been rendered the return code will be '0'.	
If the end of the Text Array has been reached it will return '-1', at this point you will then
need to do another 'SetText' call to reset the text array followed by a call to 'UpdateText'
to render the frame.	
Example:-

	if (ScrollingMsg.UpdateText() == -1)
	{
		ScrollingMsg.SetText((unsigned char *)TxtDemo, sizeof(TxtDemo) - 1);
		ScrollingMsg.UpdateText();
	}



Text Array & Control Codes
==========================

The text array obviously contains the text you wish to see displayed but can also contain
control codes which will allow to change coours, character direction, scrolling direction,
frame rate, delays and background mode.	
The control codes you can use are defined in the TextScroller.h header file and all start
with "EFFECT_". If there are parameters for a control code they are in hexadecimal.

EFFECT_BACKGND_ERASE	
This will change the background mode so that all the '0' bits in the font data cause the
corresponding LED's within the initialised message area to be turned off.

EFFECT_BACKGND_LEAVE	
This will change the background mode so that all the '0' bits in the font data will leave
the corresponding LED's unmodified.

EFFECT_BACKGND_DIMMING "\xNN"	
This will change the background mode so that all the '0' bits in the font data will have
the corresponding LED's brightness scaled down by NN 256ths using FastLED's nscale8_video.

EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\xNN"	
This sets a rate for the frame animation in that if NN is 04, it will be every 5th call to
UpdateText() that the pixel position is moved. The default Init() value is 0 which means
every call will update the pixel position.

EFFECT_DELAY_FRAMES "\xHH\xLL"	
This will pause any frame animation for ((HH * 256) + LL) calls to UpdateText().

EFFECT_SCROLL_LEFT	
EFFECT_SCROLL_RIGHT		
EFFECT_SCROLL_UP	
EFFECT_SCROLL_DOWN	
This will cause the scroll direction to change. Currently on a change of scroll direction
any exisitng text will be scrolled off the message area before the new direction is
applied. 

EFFECT_CHAR_UP	
EFFECT_CHAR_DOWN	
EFFECT_CHAR_LEFT	
EFFECT_CHAR_RIGHT	
This changes the font rendering to be in the chosen direction.

EFFECT_RGB "\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV "\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Changes the solid colour of the text using either RGB or HSV method.

EFFECT_RGB_CV "\xRR\xGG\xBB\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV_CV "\xHH\xSS\xVV\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Sets a graduated colour range for the text over a single character height.
The first triple is the bottom and the second triple is the top.

EFFECT_RGB_AV "\xRR\xGG\xBB\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV_AV "\xHH\xSS\xVV\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Sets a graduated colour range for the text over the message area height.
The first triple is the bottom and the second triple is the top.

EFFECT_RGB_CH "\xRR\xGG\xBB\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV_CH "\xHH\xSS\xVV\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Sets a graduated colour range for the text over a single character width.
The first triple is the left side and the second triple is the right side.

EFFECT_RGB_AH "\xRR\xGG\xBB\xRR\xGG\xBB"	
EFFECT_HSV_AH "\xHH\xSS\xVV\xHH\xSS\xVV"	
Sets a graduated colour range for the text over the message area width.
The first triple is the left edge and the second triple is the right edge.

EFFECT_COLR_EMPTY	
Any '1' bits in the font data will leave the corresponding LED's unmodified.	
Tip - This is useless with EFFECT_BACKGND_LEAVE !

EFFECT_COLR_DIMMING "\xNN"	
Any '1' bits in the font data will have the corresponding LED's brightness
scaled down by NN 256ths using FastLED's nscale8_video.		
Tip - Useful only when you have data already in the LED array.


Example:-

	const unsigned char TxtDemo[] = { EFFECT_SCROLL_LEFT "            LEFT SCROLL "
                                  EFFECT_SCROLL_RIGHT "            LLORCS THGIR"
                                  EFFECT_SCROLL_DOWN "            SCROLL DOWN             SCROLL DOWN            "
                                  EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\x04" " SCROLL DOWN            "
                                  EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\x00" " "
                                  EFFECT_SCROLL_UP "             SCROLL UP               SCROLL UP             "
                                  EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\x04" "  SCROLL UP             "
                                  EFFECT_FRAME_RATE "\x00" " "
                                  EFFECT_CHAR_UP EFFECT_SCROLL_LEFT "            UP"
                                  EFFECT_CHAR_RIGHT "  RIGHT"
                                  EFFECT_CHAR_DOWN "  DOWN"
                                  EFFECT_CHAR_LEFT "  LEFT"
                                  EFFECT_HSV_CV "\x00\xff\xff\x40\xff\xff" EFFECT_CHAR_UP "           HSV_CV 00-40"
                                  EFFECT_HSV_CH "\x00\xff\xff\x40\xff\xff" "    HSV_CH 00-40"
                                  EFFECT_HSV_AV "\x00\xff\xff\x40\xff\xff" "    HSV_AV 00-40"
                                  EFFECT_HSV_AH "\x00\xff\xff\xff\xff\xff" "    HSV_AH 00-FF"
                                  "           "
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x00\xff\xff" "R"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x20\xff\xff" "A"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x40\xff\xff" "I"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x60\xff\xff" "N"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\xe0\xff\xff" "B"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\xc0\xff\xff" "O"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\xa0\xff\xff" "W"
                                  EFFECT_HSV "\x80\xff\xff" "S "
                                  EFFECT_DELAY_FRAMES "\x00\x96"
                                  EFFECT_RGB "\xff\xff\xff" };


NOTES
=====
1) Make sure you know how many characters fit across your message area, this will be usefull when planning your display.	
2) If you want your display to start without any visible text, insert "display width" of spaces at the start of the array.	
3) If your display area is taller than a single character height any partially rendered character at the right hand side
   will be skipped and the rendering will continue with the next whole character on the left hand side a "line" below.
   This is mainly useful for a SCROLL_UP/DOWN display. If multiple lines are required for a SCROLL_LEFT display it is
   neccessary to use two instances of cLEDText placed one over the other with their own text arrays.	
4) If you want left-right readable text when using SCROLL_RIGHT reverse the characters in your text array.	
5) To just keep rendering static text, use SetText() and UpdateText() at the same time and ignore point 2).		
6) I may in the future change the way a SCROLL direction change waits until all the text is off the display. This will
   make the class more flexible but will need you to add blank spaces before SCROLL changes in existing projects.
